ROX-23786: cosign certificate verification (#78177)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configure-signature-integration.adoc

[id="configure-signature-integration_{context}"]
= Configuring signature integration

Before performing image signature verification, you must first create a signature integration in {product-title-short}.

A signature integration can be configured with multiple verification methods. The following verification methods are supported:

> * Cosign public keys

Reviewer: I think you need a blank line here so the bullets look OK:
![Screenshot 2024-06-27 at 1 48 17 PM](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/96192119/a2356549-4789-4110-a6e1-736256a72a91)

[id="configure-signature-integration_{context}"]
= Configuring signature integration

> Before performing image signature verification, you must first create a Signature integration in {product-title-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before performing image signature verification, you must first create a signature integration in {product-title-short}.
```

A signature integration can be configured with multiple verification methods. The following verification methods are supported:

> * Cosign public keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cosign public keys
```

> * Cosign certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cosign certificates
```

. Scroll down to the *Signature Integrations* section and click *Signature*.
. Click *New integration*.
. Enter a name for the *Integration name*.
. Click *Cosign public Keys* → *Add a new public key*.
. Enter the *Public key* name.
. For the *Public key value* field, enter the PEM-encoded public key.
. (Optional) You can add more than one key by clicking *Add a new public key* and entering the details.
. Click *Save*.

> == Configuring Cosing Certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring Cosign Certificates
```

.Prerequisites

> * You must already have the certificate identity, and issuer. Optionally, you also need a PEM-encoded certificate and chain. For more information about Cosign Certificates, see link:https://docs.sigstore.dev/verifying/verify/#verify-image-with-user-provided-trusted-chain[Cosign Certificates]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must already have the certificate identity and issuer. Optionally, you also need a PEM-encoded certificate and chain. For more information about Cosign Certificates, see link:https://docs.sigstore.dev/verifying/verify/#verify-image-with-user-provided-trusted-chain[Cosign Certificates]
```

.Procedure

> . In the {product-title-short} portal, select *Platform Configuration* → *Integrations*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {product-title-short} portal, select *Platform Configuration* -> *Integrations*.
```
We need to use `->` so that it transforms properly in our doc publishing.

> . Scroll down to the *Signature Integrations* section and click *Signature*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scroll to *Signature Integrations* and click *Signature*.
```

. Click *New integration*.
. Enter a name for the *Integration name*.
. Click *Cosign certificates* -> *Add a new certificate verification*.
. Enter the *Certificate OIDC Issuer*. You can optionally use regular expressions in link:https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax[RE2 Syntax].
. Enter the *Certificate identity*. You can optionally use regular expressions in link:https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax[RE2 Syntax].

> . (Optional) You can add the PEM-encoded certificate chain to verify certificates. If no chain is provided, certificates will be verified against the link:https://docs.sigstore.dev/certificate_authority/overview/[Fulcio] root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) You can add the PEM-encoded certificate chain to verify certificates. If no chain is provided, certificates are verified against the link:https://docs.sigstore.dev/certificate_authority/overview/[Fulcio] root.
```
